fr3X is the Enhanced Programmable (I)RC-II (C)lient.                  

fr3X is about 90% backwards compatible with ircII and close too 99%
compatible with EPIC because fr3X is based on epic.  fr3X
was originally built upon the ircII 2.8 client, until the epic client was
able to run phoenix.irc. At which time I switched the fr3X codebase from
ircII to an epic base.

fr3X is quite abit larger than ircII/epic, but that is mostly because of 
the multitude of new features and the large amount of re-written code in an
attempt to make ircII faster, more efficient, and more powerful as well as
have color and a semi functional client right out of the box WITHOUt scripts
of any sort.

fr3X is derived directly from EPIC which is derived from IRC-II which is 
currently maintained by Matthew Green, and includes in whole all the 
additions included in the "plus" clients by Jeremy Nelson and all of the 
modifications in the "mod" clients by Jake Khuon.  fr3X is currently 
maintained by Colten Edwards and a few others. EPIC is maintained by Jeremy
Nelson aka "hop". Alot of changes that appear within fr3X are backported
to EPIC as I am a contributor to epic.

You can get a copy of the fr3X client via ftp from these mirrors:
Not all sites will be always up to date, but many of them try.

   Site                 Directory                         Maintainer
   ftp.fr3x.com       /pub/fr3X			    Mhacker/panasync
   ftp.fr3x.org       /pub/fr3X                       sideshow

If you want to mirror the fr3X client, please drop an email to Colten
Edwards (panasync@fr3X.com) telling him the host and directory where 
we can count on you to keep a copy of the current version of the fr3X 
client.  The fr3X client takes about 1.2m, the help files take about 150k, 
and from time to time there are other patches that range from 5k to 30k in 
size.

A mailing list for all things related to fr3X exists.  Send email to
majordomo@lists.fr3x.com with the words "subscribe fr3x" in the body
(and nothing else!).  This list exists for bug reports, discussion about and
requests for new features, and anything else that has to do with fr3X.

 * fr3X is completely safe:  There are no hidden trap doors.  
   We value your trust, and will not do anything to abuse it.

 * fr3X is programmable:  While ircII does contain a wide range of commands
   and functions, fr3X contains hundreds more.

 * fr3X supports bots:  We do not agree with those who feel that script 
   bots are all the evil of irc, and we feel that scripts bots must not be
   squelched by those who have the stranglehold of control on irc.  fr3X
   will support bots for as long as we maintain it.

 * fr3X is complete:  EPIC supplies over 100 various functions and
   commands which allow you to do things very quickly things that required
   very large or slow scripts in the past. fr3X adds too the list of
   functions and command so that with fr3X you do not need that same 
   script to run a good easy client as most of those same scripted commands 
   are available in the client itself. This has a problem however in a 
   increase in memory usage.

